\textbf{Context} 
\textbf{Data description} 
The FAOSTAT Temperature Change domain disseminates statistics of mean surface temperature change by country, with annual updates. The current dissemination covers the period 1961–2019. Statistics are available for monthly, seasonal and annual mean temperature anomalies, i.e., temperature change with respect to a baseline climatology, corresponding to the period 1951–1980. The standard deviation of the temperature change of the baseline methodology is also available. Data are based on the publicly available GISTEMP data, the Global Surface Temperature Change data distributed by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Goddard Institute for Space Studies (NASA-GISS).
\textbf(Content)
\textbf(Statistical concepts and definitions)
Statistical standards: Data in the Temperature Change domain are not an explicit SEEA variable. Nonetheless, country and regional calculations employ a definition of “Land area” consistent with SEEA Land Use definitions, specifically SEEA CF Table 5.11 “Land Use Classification” and SEEA AFF Table 4.8, “Physical asset account for land use.” The Temperature Change domain of the FAOSTAT Agri-Environmental Indicators section is compliant with the Framework for the Development of Environmental Statistics (FDES 2013), contributing to FDES Component 1: Environmental Conditions and Quality, Sub-component 1.1: Physical Conditions, Topic 1.1.1: Atmosphere, climate and weather, Core set/ Tier 1 statistics a.1.
Statistical unit: Countries and Territories.
Statistical population: Countries and Territories.
Reference area: Area of all the Countries and Territories of the world. In 2019: 190 countries and 37 other territorial entities.
Code - reference area: FAOSTAT, M49, ISO2 and ISO3 (http://www.fao.org/faostat/en/#definitions). FAO Global Administrative Unit Layer (GAUL National level – reference year 2014. FAO Geospatial data repository GeoNetwork. Permanent address: http://www.fao.org:80/geonetwork?uuid=f7e7adb0-88fd-11da-a88f-000d939bc5d8.
